being able to talk about situation explains the
violence at the end of the ag you have
announced the lifting of sanctions against
jSK
what he was going to say is clear
as important as the others of
permutations and that is part of
the history of our football
but you wanted to say that the
federation will remain vigilant as to
any action against
ethics and I brought absolute my
duty is to enforce
regulations will have to make themselves respected
ethics our duty is to make
respect the good organization of
competitions
that's what happened in tizi ouzou
throw a gaspard street
none has not changed a lot of trouble
to a lot of trouble and we do not have
stopped shouting the fallout of this act
very serious that we all saturated and
we are all so many and that the jsk
that its leaders must not believe
that it pushed only the
leaders supporters of both sides
we were all lying by this
unfortunate event that we wish
that never again happen this guy
of acts not the hip hop accents this is
the opportunity for us to tell everyone
supporters please if he will you
please please
book an ostal preserve your
football reserved for recreation and space
there was reason to be lively and recreation
friendliness that spain is better
so that we can make a family
women can go to
stages etc especially let's leave the
football develop in harmony with
mushrooms and the supporters have to
themselves organize themselves to convince
those who make the variance and who
prevents that from attending meetings
that we want to inflicted on us
are not happy when clubs
are sanctioned are not when
players are sanctioned so that
worlds are sanctioned what we
want it on the contrary
congratulated everyone for a good
organization I cited the case of a match
of the month and of the
been an example of match organization
with a simple and high level netiq
and we hope that all the stage I
congratulates Mouloudia for moving all
nigeria supporters for this beautiful
example that needs to be generalized in
all instances to chain you
insisted that you alone
did not need to lift the
sanction because there was a lot and
if any delay that almost divided
request to the sahara will have no version
today he had made it clear that you
do not have it arm wrestling looks dark
and the general meeting
and puts absolutely I made it clear if
people say the statutes islamo
nobody has the grace right two years
by the court of arbitration of sport but
when clubs where members who
are sanctioned exhaust the blow they
have won the edition and 103 level there
as his disciple if anyone is
not happy he's appealing to the
appeal board if it
contains or cripples results and well
if she confirmed that someone is not
campaign speak in front of the court
referee of the sport who can break him the
decision of any organ
jurisdictional role of a sports federation
in Algeria we will be in
the obligation to respect decisions
of the heap it is we respect them as for
the federation nor the president of the
com federation - the Financo office - lé
world have the right to forgive does not like
not to annul a decision of the
Disciplinary Committee of the
appeal board and this seems isna
and often we say the congress often
the general assembly
she decides texts of summer jobs
that the directories replace them the
modify the nodules and she is
sovereign and this is what just
pass the demand of the jsk has been
presented by the youth as the federal
of Kern presented by the chamber and
general who decided to lift the
sanction of coni citizens wishing good
see the jsk but we also wish
that the public to act it be a
example of the conduct of the good
driving in the east in the bleachers
to support a club and we
wish them good luck in all
the competitions
while I'm going to read between
the lines that speak that death
for the part those who act because
our football is what you think
that there might be a penalty
are not saying his name a principle
regards the organization of the cup
of Africa of 17.6 term nations and
great hope that remain to Algeria and
the second question in the first
is what you thought Algeria
is able to organize a big wheel
wagering revelations
first the second issue of managing and
super able to organize a cons
operation could organize a very
very good example yesterday against the
indignation thanks to the means we
have other countries organized also
good ratings apply without
in no way diminishes the merit of the axes and
we have the human capacity of
quality documents that have
experience in the field of
the operation of the conditions we have
worked material and financial means
made available did not speak
your this type of event but we have
a necessary structure in particular
those under construction or in
renovation
the allocation is made by the committee
executive of the caf finally go meeting the
April 8 in Cairo salah I think the
people here and there who talks about this
event writing he coaches a lot of
lies around facade do not know
what are they talking about they had to
lead our sketch
I am still alive more
optimistic
the problem is that people who do not
knew nothing about this system of
management of confederations or
football institutions
should not intervene
before this departure there is a file that
is presented by countries that have
sources that thil bidding for
the organization of events and a committee
executive who will judge in his soul and
consciousness
the assignment to x or y
we have to wait for the decision of this
committee than the sacred one to make you
every thing in his time we do not
let's talk today about a candidacy
filed which will be studied by the
executive committee on April 8th and
which is sure it is not the government
Algerian we are waiting for decisions
to be able to talk later about what
happens when justin is not proud enough
happy to put the question
the family some much to these days
ci they say that at the level of the
federation especially level through
from his president there was no contact
for a long time the president only takes
no contact with water it's not I
myself received the president of
the player's father at home at home
some time before the can and the coach
I did not talk to you at
many times with this player there are
a lot of times we tried to
play a player who will not see
no one who calls back is not mine
I have the least personally called it
did not call me back and I wait rather than
the crisis can remind me today
that his father and I think it's a
debate that took on a lot of importance
it must be restored to its true value
the question is a day against the world
if he wants to come in a team
of Algeria despite his desires to go
play for our team and a lot of him
wish a lot of success if we come
in Algeria team as they say
by the way some players of the team
national 1 for us I also speak a
English 18 of them speak of
we all want us people who
totally adhere with the body and
with all the spirit of nationalism of a
strong to come in Algeria team
if we did not say so Roman and evolve
towards nice in generation and after we do not
can not send a notice to
someone who has already played in a
team of another nothing we are waiting for
his agreement to be able to summon him and
following a written accession for
the change of two donations and
hope that contrary to what says
and safari the page is white hear
Of course she is in her camp since
long time